Krypton Design Notes
--------------------

It has been unanimously decided by the only member of the project (which
is me) to use jqueryui, or at least a part of it. The background png's
used by jqueryui are to be definitely omitted.

Jquery based components, some of which are unfortunately not part
of jqueryui despite being popular, needs to be written from scratch.
	o Carousel
		Needs no explanation. This popular component on which most
		landing pages depend is not part of jqueryui and hence needs to
		be written. There are 100's of free ones out there, but writing
		it natively will keep it small (and it will be fun).
	o Live Filter
		When an element is registered as a live filter, it should
		provide a timeout and a callback. The callback will be called
		'timeout' seconds _after_ the element's value changes. The
		element which is registered _should_ support the jquery .val()
		function.
	o Slider
		jQueryui already provides this and Im tempted to use it.
		But yet to check if the slider can be defined on a textbox,
		because the slider will ultimately be a live filter, which
		needs the element to support a .val() function.

Threads
-------
The Krypton application would eventually require using some threads
(for maybe event polling). It is still not clear if a dedicated
js function should be called using setInterval(), or if jQuery's
.queue() can be used in some way.

Pages
-----
Pages are div's with class 'page'. A page is whatever is below the
navigation area, and at a time only one page is displayed. The rest
are hidden. Some pages could also have class 'overlay', which means
it is displayed on top of the current page (with z-index 2), and
on closing or clicking back button will hide and reveal the underlying
page.

Database
--------
A database called app_db is used. The name is as generic as it can be
so that it is not tied to any product version names. The empty database
with no data is dumped into init_db.sql using
	mysqldump -u root -p --no-data --databases app_db > init_db.sql

Whenever a new installation is setup, this init_db.sql can be used as
	mysql -u root -p < init_db.sql

Note: Whenever the database schema is updated, make sure the db is
initialized, make the changes, and dump the schema back to init_db.sql.

Indexer
-------
Indexer is a background daemon written in C. It maintains an index tree
of words. The index tree is a multi-level tree with each node having
26 children. The characters of a word are used to traverse the tree
and arrive at a node (leaf or non-leaf) which has a linked list of
'reference' nodes. Each 'reference' node has a candidate_id and
ref_cnt for that word.

It does the following tasks
1) During init, it will parse all .txt files in /uploads and build index
   tree. It also opens a unix domain socket and waits for commands.
2) It handles the following commands from the web server
	a) PARSE - Candidate id is given as input.
			   It parses the 'id.txt' file in /uploads and updates the 
			   index tree
	b) MATCH - List of words, start record, num records  are given as input.
			   For each word,
			   - traverse the index tree and get list of candidate ids
			   - for each candidate calculate score as follows
			   		score = 100 + (ref_cnt - 1)
				 this means for each matched word, the candidate gets
				 100 points, and for each further reference, 1 point.
			   - add candidate id to return list (if not present)
			   - add candidate score to return score for candidate
			   - return list of <candidate id, score>

TODO
----
1) Design a section to get preferences and update the same in db
